They clean the area with a
4 gta video expansion and slc recording
with the digital camera so you can see
the performance of multilaser
the here inside the house super smooth
the phelps there 65 fps 60 fps 70 or 72
it was recorded with the camera
get the actual number of fps né
you see that it is not a lie and
none 40 and 50
can see that it is at maximum total not
is well in total
rainel is almost all at most let's go
pick up a car here 's a hand then
sorry for the faults
annoying cop is coming to fill my bag
great news already right now
here collision
ok you already have a problem it 's powder 3033
placed in the middle of a certain vehicle that the
night only in daylight when we stay in
game I'm getting fps even better
than in the evening looks with 4gb of
memory plus an overclock 51 great having
maximum fps gameplay
Maxima liked click the jewelry
if you liked it even more add the
favorite videos and that's it , he said
I'm not staying here